docs: add release notes in our documentation (#1138)
ansys/pyansys-geometry: doc/source/changelog.rst

.. _ref_release_notes:

Release notes
#############

> This document contains the release notes for the ``ansys-geometry-core`` project.

Reviewer: Is there any reason we can't change "the ``ansys-geometry-core`` project." to "PyAnsys Geometry"?

Author: Of course - let me change that

> This document contains the release notes for the ``ansys-geometry-core`` project.

Author: ```suggestion
This document contains the release notes for the PyAnsys Geometry project.
```
